Document `total-buffer-bytes` configuration setting (#2830)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/administration/config-data-nodes.md

Environment variable: `INFLUXDB_SUBSCRIBER_WRITE_BUFFER_SIZE`

#### `total-buffer-bytes = 0`

> The total number of bytes allocated to buffering across all subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Total number of bytes allocated to buffering across all subscriptions.
```

> Each named subscription will receive an equal share of the total.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each named subscription receives an equal share of the total.
```
